DG2025-13: Add choose a tech stack content (#26)
Bixal/drupal-govcon-2025: src/content/docs/guides/03-tech-stack.md

- **Peer Reviews**: Regular peer reviews can help catch issues early and ensure that the design system meets quality standards.

## Distribution

Effectively distributing a design system on the web involves several key approaches and tools to ensure it is accessible, usable, and maintainable. Here are some common methods and tools:

### Hosting the Design System

#### Package Managers

- [**NPM**](https://www.npmjs.com/): Publish your design system as an NPM package to allow other developers to easily install and use your components via `npm install`.
- [**Yarn**](https://yarnpkg.com/): Similar to NPM, Yarn is another package manager that can be used to distribute your design system.
- [**GitHub Package**](https://docs.github.com/en/packages): Host your design system as a package on GitHub, making it easy to manage and distribute through Git.

#### Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD)

Automate the build, test, deploy, and distribution of your design system.

- **GitHub Actions**: Use GitHub Actions to automate testing, building, and deploying changes.
- **CircleCI**: Use CircleCI to automate continuous integration and continuous deployment processes.

> ### Access Control

Reviewer: **Suggestion**: Small suggestion for readability.

```suggestion
### Managing Access
```

- **Public vs. Private**: Decide whether your design system will be publicly accessible or restricted to internal use.

> - **Authentication**: Use authentication mechanisms (e.g., OAuth, JWT) to control access to the design system and documentation, especially if it is intended for internal use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Authentication**: Use methods like OAuth or JWT to control access to the design system and documentation, especially if it's meant for internal teams.
```
